Docs for LVGL9 (#5827)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: src/content/docs/components/lvgl/widgets.mdx

These triggers can be applied directly to any widget in the LVGL configuration, *given that the widget itself supports generating such events*. For the widgets having a value, the triggers return the current value in variable `x`  ; this variable may be used in lambdas defined within those triggers.

> Each trigger also deliver an `event` parameter, which is a pointer to the LVGL C type `lv_event_t`. This may be used in lambdas defined within those triggers. Refer to the [LVGL documentation](https://docs.lvgl.io/9.4/overview/event.html) for more information.

Reviewer: changing this to 9.4 results in a 404

> Each trigger also deliver an `event` parameter, which is a pointer to the LVGL C type `lv_event_t`. This may be used in lambdas defined within those triggers. Refer to the [LVGL documentation](https://docs.lvgl.io/9.4/overview/event.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each trigger also deliver an `event` parameter, which is a pointer to the LVGL C type `lv_event_t`. This may be used in lambdas defined within those triggers. Refer to the [LVGL documentation](https://docs.lvgl.io/9.5/common-widget-features/events.html) for more information.
```
